Meeting date and time:
04/12/18 @ 2:00pm - 3:00pm

Meeting attendance:
Nate Bud - present
Timothy Wu - present
Ron Davis - present

Summary: 
We discussed the MVP feature set requirements, and we discussed audio issues. Wetalk about how we are going to implement enemy shooting and how it ties into the weapons. Also, we discussed music that we would have for our project. Furthermore, we discussed what should be on the landing page. 

List explicitly and in detail what each individual team member accomplished since the last meeting:
Nate - Worked on weapons and the swapping mechanic, worked on the make up essay
Timothy - Worked on music and audio, worked on the use cases. 
Ron - Worked on damage indicator and working on enemy health.

List explicitly and in detail what each individual team member will accomplish before the next meeting. 
Nate Bud - Finish up work on the swapping mechanic 
Timothy Wu - Finish up working on audioFX
Ron Davis - landing page, damage indicator, game over, enemyshoot
